#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via httpx
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via markdownify
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via postgrest
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via anyio
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gotrue==2.5.4
    # via supabase
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   gotrue
    #   postgrest
    #   storage3
    #   supabase
    #   supafunc
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.11
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.83
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdownify==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
orjson==3.10.6
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
postgrest==0.16.8
    # via supabase
pydantic==2.8.1
    # via
    #   gotrue
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   postgrest
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   realtime
    #   storage3
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
realtime==1.0.6
    # via supabase
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   scrapingbee
    #   spider-client
scrapingbee==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   markdownify
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
spider-client==0.0.43
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
storage3==0.7.6
    # via supabase
strenum==0.4.15
    # via postgrest
supabase==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
supafunc==0.4.6
    # via supabase
tenacity==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   realtime
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   storage3
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
websockets==12.0
    # via realtime
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
